Edited deploy lifecycle (#219)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/design/execution-semantics.md

***Deploy to Block Proposer Buffer***

A validator node will put the deploy into the block proposer buffer. The validator leader will pick the deploy from the block proposer buffer to create a new block for the chain.

###	Block Proposed
Validator leader for this round will propose a block which includes as many deploys from the block proposer buffer as can fit in a block.

###	Block Gossiped
The proposed block is propagated to all other nodes.

###	Consensus Reached
Once the other validators reach consensus that the proposed block is valid, all deploys in the block are executed and it becomes the final block, added to the chain.

### Deploy Executed 

A deploy is executed in distinct phases in order to accommodate paying for computation in a flexible way. The phases of a deploy are payment, session, and finalization. During the payment phase, the payment code is executed. If it is successful, then the session code is executed during the session phase. And, independently of whether the session code was executed, the finalization phase is executed, which does some bookkeeping around payment.

> ##### Payment code {#execution-semantics-payment}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Payment code {#execution-semantics-payment}
```

Each deploy is an atomic piece of computation in the sense that, whatever effects a deploy would have on the global state must be entirely included in a block or the entire deploy must not be included in a block.

### Deploy Lifecycle {#execution-semantics-phases}

A deploy goes through the following phases on Casper:

1. Deploy Received
2. Deploy Gossiped
3. Block Proposed
4. Block Gossiped
5. Consensus Reached
6. Deploy Executed

### Deploy Received

> The client sending the deploy will send it to one or more nodes via their JSON RPC servers. The deploy acceptor, which is the component responsible for receiving the deploy from the JSON-RPC or from another node, will run validity checks on the deploy and will either allow the lifecycle to continue or return an appropriate error. Once accepted, the deploy hash is returned to the client to indicate it has been enqueued for execution. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The client sending the deploy will send it to one or more nodes via their JSON RPC servers. The deploy acceptor, which is the component responsible for receiving the deploy from the JSON-RPC or another node, will run validity checks on the deploy and allow the lifecycle to continue or return an appropriate error. Once accepted, the deploy hash is returned to the client to indicate it has been enqueued for execution. 
```

### Deploy Gossiped

> After a node accepts a new deploy, it will be gossiped to all other nodes. This is an efficient mechanism for ensuring all nodes in the network eventually hold the given deploy. A validator node will put the deploy into the block proposer buffer. The validator leader will pick the deploy from the block proposer buffer to create a new block for the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After a node accepts a new deploy, it will gossip to all other nodes. A validator node will put the deploy into the block proposer buffer. The validator leader will pick the deploy from the block proposer buffer to create a new block for the chain. This mechanism is efficient and ensures all nodes in the network eventually hold the given deploy.
```

### Block Proposed
Validator leader for this round will propose a block which includes as many deploys from the block proposer buffer as can fit in a block.

### Block Gossiped
The proposed block is propagated to all other nodes.

### Consensus Reached

> Once the other validators reach consensus that the proposed block is valid, all deploys in the block are executed and it becomes the final block, added to the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the other validators reach consensus that the proposed block is valid, all deploys in the block are executed, and this block becomes the final block added to the chain.
```

### Phases of deploy execution {#execution-semantics-phases}

> A deploy goes through the following phases on the platform:

Author: "lifecycle of a deploy" sounds good.

    - * 'Node receives deploy'*

>     - * 'Validators gossip deploy'*

Reviewer: "Nodes gossip deploy"

    - * 'Validator leader proposes a new block'*

>     - * 'Network gossips the block to all other validators'*

Reviewer: "Nodes gossip proposed block"

    - * 'Validators reach consensus'*

>     - * 'Deploy execution'*

Reviewer: "Validators execute deploy"

>     - * 'Deploy execution'*

Reviewer: This bullet list renders as a code block, which seems wrong?  Also, I'm not sure what style of formatting is being aimed at here.  Seems like we don't need the quotes or the asterisks?

Should these each link to their relevant sections below?

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/Execution_Semantics.jpg")} width="300"/></p>

Reviewer: In the image, I'd suggest keeping the tense consistent. So e.g. changing 5 to "Consensus Reached", and 6 to "Deploy Executed".

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/Execution_Semantics.jpg")} width="300"/></p>

Author: Consensus Reached and Deploy Executed sounds good.
Will change it.

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/Execution_Semantics.jpg")} width="300"/></p>

Author: Regarding Image - I will work on the mentioned points and update you.

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/Execution_Semantics.jpg")} width="300"/></p>

Reviewer: Looks like the typo got missed: "Deploy Recieved"

> <p align="center"><img src={useBaseUrl("/image/Execution_Semantics.jpg")} width="300"/></p>

Author: Updated the image

### Deploy Received

The node receiving the deploy will send it to one or more nodes through JSON RPC servers. The deploy acceptor, which is the component responsible for receiving the deploy from the JSON-RPC or from another node, will run validity checks on the deploy and will either allow the lifecycle to continue or send the appropriate error. Once accepted, the deploy hash is created. 

### Deploy Gossiped
Once the network receives the deploy, nodes validate deploy. If valid, the deploy will be gossiped to all other nodes. This way, the data propagates through the system, node by node, like a virus. Eventually, the data propagates to every node in the system.

> ***Deploy to Block Proposer Buffer***

Author: I was thinking as this is an important concept and need to be explained in a new section. What do you suggest?

> A validator node will put the deploy into the block proposer buffer. The validator leader will pick the deploy from the block proposer buffer to create a new block for the chain.
> 
> ###	Block Proposed
> Validator leader for this round will propose a block which includes as many deploys from the block proposer buffer as can fit in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Block Proposed
All validator nodes hold accepted but not-yet-executed deploys in a buffer. The validator leader for each round will pick deploys from this buffer to propose for execution in the next new block for the chain.

They will include as many deploys from the buffer as can fit in a block, as per the current chainspec settings.
```

Author: What are the conditions of block selection?

Author: Got it

> ###	Proposed Block Gossiped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Proposed Block Gossiped
```

The proposed block is propagated to all other nodes.

> ###	Consensus
> Once the other validators reach consensus that the proposed block is valid, all deploys in the block are executed and it becomes the final block, added to the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Consensus
Once the other validators reach consensus that the proposed block is valid, all deploys in the block are executed and it becomes finalized, added to the end of the blockchain.
```

To enable concurrent modification of [global state](./global-state.md#global-state-head) (either by parallel deploys in the same block or parallel blocks on different forks of the chain), we view each deploy as a function taking our global state as input and producing a new global state as output. It is safe to execute two such functions concurrently if they do not interfere with each other, which formally can be defined to mean the functions _commute_ (i.e., if they were executed sequentially, it does not matter in what order they are executed, the final result is the same for a given input). Whether two deploys commute is determined based on the effects they have on the global state, i.e. which operation (read, write, add) it does on each key in the key-value store. How this is done is described in [Appendix C](./appendix.md#appendix-c).

> ## TShe Casper Network runtime {#execution-semantics-runtime}

Reviewer: Typo?

Author: Yes. Will change it.
